---
title: Windows ストア アプリおよび Windows ランタイムのための .NET Framework サポート
ms.date: 03/30/2017
ms.technology: dotnet-standard
helpviewer_keywords:
- Windows Store apps, .NET Framework support for
- Windows Runtime, .NET Framework support for
- .NET for Windows Store apps
- .NET Framework, and Windows Store apps
- .NET Framework, and Windows Runtime
ms.assetid: 6fa7d044-ae12-4c54-b8ee-50915607a565
author: mairaw
ms.author: mairaw
ms.openlocfilehash: 15d6262fb5e7dfb99759f0f85c9a197157713300
ms.sourcegitcommit: 81ad1f09b93f3b3e6706a7f2e4ddf50ef229ea3d
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: ja-JP
ms.lasthandoff: 11/20/2019
ms.locfileid: "74204957"
---
# <a name="net-framework-support-for-windows-store-apps-and-windows-runtime"></a><span data-ttu-id="ddbce-102">Windows ストア アプリおよび Windows ランタイムのための .NET Framework サポート</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-102">.NET Framework Support for Windows Store Apps and Windows Runtime</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-103">The .NET Framework 4.5 supports a number of software development scenarios with the Windows Runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-103">The .NET Framework 4.5 supports a number of software development scenarios with the Windows Runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-104">これらのシナリオは次の 3 つのカテゴリに分類されます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-104">These scenarios fall into three categories:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-105">Developing Windows 8.x Store apps with XAML controls, as described in [Roadmap for Windows Store apps using C# or Visual Basic](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229583(v=win.10)), [How tos (XAML)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229566(v=win.10)), and [.NET for Windows Store apps overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-105">Developing Windows 8.x Store apps with XAML controls, as described in [Roadmap for Windows Store apps using C# or Visual Basic](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229583(v=win.10)), [How tos (XAML)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229566(v=win.10)), and [.NET for Windows Store apps overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-106">Developing class libraries to use in the Windows 8.x Store apps that you create with the .NET Framework.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-106">Developing class libraries to use in the Windows 8.x Store apps that you create with the .NET Framework.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-107">Developing Windows Runtime Components, packaged in .WinMD files, which can be used by any programming language that supports the Windows Runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-107">Developing Windows Runtime Components, packaged in .WinMD files, which can be used by any programming language that supports the Windows Runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-108">For example, see [Creating Windows Runtime Components in C# and Visual Basic](/windows/uwp/winrt-components/creating-windows-runtime-components-in-csharp-and-visual-basic).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-108">For example, see [Creating Windows Runtime Components in C# and Visual Basic](/windows/uwp/winrt-components/creating-windows-runtime-components-in-csharp-and-visual-basic).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-109">This topic outlines the support that the .NET Framework provides for all three categories, and describes the scenarios for Windows Runtime Components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-109">This topic outlines the support that the .NET Framework provides for all three categories, and describes the scenarios for Windows Runtime Components.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-110">The first section includes basic information about the relationship between the .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime, and explains some oddities you might encounter in the Help system and the IDE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-110">The first section includes basic information about the relationship between the .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime, and explains some oddities you might encounter in the Help system and the IDE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-111">The [second section](#WindowsRuntimeComponents) discusses scenarios for developing Windows Runtime Components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-111">The [second section](#WindowsRuntimeComponents) discusses scenarios for developing Windows Runtime Components.</span></span>

## <a name="the-basics"></a><span data-ttu-id="ddbce-112">基本事項</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-112">The Basics</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-113">The .NET Framework supports the three development scenarios listed earlier by providing [!INCLUDE[net_win8_profile](../../../includes/net-win8-profile-md.md)], and by supporting the Windows Runtime itself.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-113">The .NET Framework supports the three development scenarios listed earlier by providing [!INCLUDE[net_win8_profile](../../../includes/net-win8-profile-md.md)], and by supporting the Windows Runtime itself.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-114">[.NET Framework and Windows Runtime namespaces](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)#net-framework-and-windows-runtime-namespaces) provides a streamlined view of the .NET Framework class libraries and include only the types and members you can use to create Windows 8.x Store apps and Windows Runtime Components.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-114">[.NET Framework and Windows Runtime namespaces](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)#net-framework-and-windows-runtime-namespaces) provides a streamlined view of the .NET Framework class libraries and include only the types and members you can use to create Windows 8.x Store apps and Windows Runtime Components.</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-115">When you use Visual Studio (Visual Studio 2012 or later) to develop a Windows 8.x Store app or a Windows Runtime component, a set of reference assemblies ensures that you see only the relevant types and members.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-115">When you use Visual Studio (Visual Studio 2012 or later) to develop a Windows 8.x Store app or a Windows Runtime component, a set of reference assemblies ensures that you see only the relevant types and members.</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-116">This streamlined API set is simplified further by the removal of features that are duplicated within the .NET Framework or that duplicate Windows Runtime features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-116">This streamlined API set is simplified further by the removal of features that are duplicated within the .NET Framework or that duplicate Windows Runtime features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-117">For example, it contains only the generic versions of collection types, and the XML document object model is eliminated in favor of the Windows Runtime XML API set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-117">For example, it contains only the generic versions of collection types, and the XML document object model is eliminated in favor of the Windows Runtime XML API set.</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-118">Features that simply wrap the operating system API are also removed, because the Windows Runtime is easy to call from managed code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-118">Features that simply wrap the operating system API are also removed, because the Windows Runtime is easy to call from managed code.</span></span>

  <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-119">To read more about the [!INCLUDE[net_win8_profile](../../../includes/net-win8-profile-md.md)], see the [.NET for Windows Store apps overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-119">To read more about the [!INCLUDE[net_win8_profile](../../../includes/net-win8-profile-md.md)], see the [.NET for Windows Store apps overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140)).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-120">To read about the API selection process, see the [.NET for Metro style apps](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/net-for-metro-style-apps/) entry in the .NET blog.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-120">To read about the API selection process, see the [.NET for Metro style apps](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/net-for-metro-style-apps/) entry in the .NET blog.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-121">The [Windows Runtime](/uwp/api/) provides the user interface elements for building Windows 8.x Store apps, and provides access to operating system features.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-121">The [Windows Runtime](/uwp/api/) provides the user interface elements for building Windows 8.x Store apps, and provides access to operating system features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-122">Like the .NET Framework, the Windows Runtime has metadata that enables the C# and Visual Basic compilers to use the Windows Runtime the way they use the .NET Framework class libraries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-122">Like the .NET Framework, the Windows Runtime has metadata that enables the C# and Visual Basic compilers to use the Windows Runtime the way they use the .NET Framework class libraries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-123">The .NET Framework makes it easier to use the Windows Runtime by hiding some differences:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-123">The .NET Framework makes it easier to use the Windows Runtime by hiding some differences:</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-124">Some differences in programming patterns between the .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime, such as the pattern for adding and removing event handlers, are hidden.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-124">Some differences in programming patterns between the .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime, such as the pattern for adding and removing event handlers, are hidden.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-125">ユーザーは .NET Framework のパターンを使用するとよいだけです。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-125">You simply use the .NET Framework pattern.</span></span>

  - <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-126">よく使用される型 (たとえばプリミティブ型やコレクション) の違いの一部が非表示になります。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-126">Some differences in commonly used types (for example, primitive types and collections) are hidden.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-127">You simply use the .NET Framework type, as discussed in [Differences That Are Visible in the IDE](#DifferencesVisibleInIDE), later in this article.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-127">You simply use the .NET Framework type, as discussed in [Differences That Are Visible in the IDE](#DifferencesVisibleInIDE), later in this article.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-128">Most of the time, .NET Framework support for the Windows Runtime is transparent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-128">Most of the time, .NET Framework support for the Windows Runtime is transparent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-129">The next section discusses some of the apparent differences between managed code and the Windows Runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-129">The next section discusses some of the apparent differences between managed code and the Windows Runtime.</span></span>

<a name="AboutReferenceDocumentation"></a>

### <a name="the-net-framework-and-the-windows-runtime-reference-documentation"></a><span data-ttu-id="ddbce-130">The .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime Reference Documentation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-130">The .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime Reference Documentation</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-131">The Windows Runtime and the .NET Framework documentation sets are separate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-131">The Windows Runtime and the .NET Framework documentation sets are separate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-132">型またはメンバーに関するヘルプを表示するために F1 キーを押すと、該当するセットのリファレンス ドキュメントが表示されます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-132">If you press F1 to display Help on a type or member, reference documentation from the appropriate set is displayed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-133">However, if you browse through the [Windows Runtime reference](/uwp/api/) you might encounter examples that seem puzzling:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-133">However, if you browse through the [Windows Runtime reference](/uwp/api/) you might encounter examples that seem puzzling:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-134">Topics such as the <xref:Windows.Foundation.Collections.IIterable%601> interface don't have declaration syntax for Visual Basic or C#.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-134">Topics such as the <xref:Windows.Foundation.Collections.IIterable%601> interface don't have declaration syntax for Visual Basic or C#.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-135">Instead, a note appears above the syntax section (in this case, ".NET: This interface appears as System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable\<T>").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-135">Instead, a note appears above the syntax section (in this case, ".NET: This interface appears as System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable\<T>").</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-136">This is because the .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime provide similar functionality with different interfaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-136">This is because the .NET Framework and the Windows Runtime provide similar functionality with different interfaces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-137">さらに、`IIterable` では列挙子を返すのに `First` メソッドではなく <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601.GetEnumerator%2A> メソッドを使用するという、動作の違いもあります。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-137">In addition, there are behavioral differences: `IIterable` has a `First` method instead of a <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601.GetEnumerator%2A> method to return the enumerator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-138">Instead of forcing you to learn a different way of performing a common task, the .NET Framework supports the Windows Runtime by making your managed code appear to use the type you're familiar with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-138">Instead of forcing you to learn a different way of performing a common task, the .NET Framework supports the Windows Runtime by making your managed code appear to use the type you're familiar with.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-139">You won't see the `IIterable` interface in the IDE, and therefore the only way you'll encounter it in the Windows Runtime reference documentation is by browsing through that documentation directly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-139">You won't see the `IIterable` interface in the IDE, and therefore the only way you'll encounter it in the Windows Runtime reference documentation is by browsing through that documentation directly.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-140">The <xref:Windows.Web.Syndication.SyndicationFeed.%23ctor(System.String,System.String,Windows.Foundation.Uri)> documentation illustrates a closely related issue: Its parameter types appear to be different for different languages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-140">The <xref:Windows.Web.Syndication.SyndicationFeed.%23ctor(System.String,System.String,Windows.Foundation.Uri)> documentation illustrates a closely related issue: Its parameter types appear to be different for different languages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-141">C# と Visual Basic の場合、パラメーターの型は <xref:System.String?displayProperty=nameWithType> と <xref:System.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> です。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-141">For C# and Visual Basic, the parameter types are <xref:System.String?displayProperty=nameWithType> and <xref:System.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-142">これもやはり、.NET Framework で独自の `String` 型と `Uri` 型が使われるためであり、このようなよく使用される型について、.NET Framework ユーザーが処理を実行する別の方法を学習しても意味はありません。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-142">Again, this is because the .NET Framework has its own `String` and `Uri` types, and for such commonly used types it doesn't make sense to force .NET Framework users to learn a different way of doing things.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-143">In the IDE, the .NET Framework hides the corresponding Windows Runtime types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-143">In the IDE, the .NET Framework hides the corresponding Windows Runtime types.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-144">In a few cases, such as the <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.GridLength> structure, the .NET Framework provides a type with the same name but more functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-144">In a few cases, such as the <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.GridLength> structure, the .NET Framework provides a type with the same name but more functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-145">たとえば、一連のコンストラクターとプロパティのトピックは `GridLength` に関連付けられますが、メンバーがマネージド コードでのみ使用可能であるために、Visual Basic と C# に関してのみ構文ブロックの機能を備えています。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-145">For example, a set of constructor and property topics are associated with `GridLength`, but they have syntax blocks only for Visual Basic and C# because the members are available only in managed code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-146">In the Windows Runtime, structures have only fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-146">In the Windows Runtime, structures have only fields.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-147">The Windows Runtime structure requires a helper class, <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.GridLengthHelper>, to provide equivalent functionality.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-147">The Windows Runtime structure requires a helper class, <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.GridLengthHelper>, to provide equivalent functionality.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-148">このヘルパー クラスは、マネージド コードを記述している間は IDE に表示されません。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-148">You won't see that helper class in the IDE when you're writing managed code.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-149">In the IDE, Windows Runtime types appear to derive from <xref:System.Object?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-149">In the IDE, Windows Runtime types appear to derive from <xref:System.Object?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-150">この型のメンバーは、<xref:System.Object> などの <xref:System.Object.ToString%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> から継承されるように表示されます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-150">They appear to have members inherited from <xref:System.Object>, such as <xref:System.Object.ToString%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-151">These members operate as they would if the types actually inherited from <xref:System.Object>, and Windows Runtime types can be cast to <xref:System.Object>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-151">These members operate as they would if the types actually inherited from <xref:System.Object>, and Windows Runtime types can be cast to <xref:System.Object>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-152">This functionality is part of the support that the .NET Framework provides for the Windows Runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-152">This functionality is part of the support that the .NET Framework provides for the Windows Runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-153">However, if you view the types in the Windows Runtime reference documentation, no such members appear.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-153">However, if you view the types in the Windows Runtime reference documentation, no such members appear.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-154">これらの見かけ上の継承されたメンバーに関するドキュメントは、<xref:System.Object?displayProperty=nameWithType> のリファレンス ドキュメントに含まれています。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-154">The documentation for these apparent inherited members is provided by the <xref:System.Object?displayProperty=nameWithType> reference documentation.</span></span>

<a name="DifferencesVisibleInIDE"></a>

### <a name="differences-that-are-visible-in-the-ide"></a><span data-ttu-id="ddbce-155">IDE で表示される相違点</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-155">Differences That Are Visible in the IDE</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-156">In more advanced programming scenarios, such as using a Windows Runtime component written in C# to provide the application logic for a Windows 8.x Store app built for Windows using JavaScript, such differences are apparent in the IDE as well as in the documentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-156">In more advanced programming scenarios, such as using a Windows Runtime component written in C# to provide the application logic for a Windows 8.x Store app built for Windows using JavaScript, such differences are apparent in the IDE as well as in the documentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-157">When your component returns an `IDictionary<int, string>` to JavaScript, and you look at it in the JavaScript debugger, you'll see the methods of `IMap<int, string>` because JavaScript uses the Windows Runtime type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-157">When your component returns an `IDictionary<int, string>` to JavaScript, and you look at it in the JavaScript debugger, you'll see the methods of `IMap<int, string>` because JavaScript uses the Windows Runtime type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-158">よく使用されるコレクション型のうち、この 2 言語で表示が異なる型の一部を次の表に示します。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-158">Some commonly used collection types that appear differently in the two languages are shown in the following table:</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-159">Windows ランタイム型</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-159">Windows Runtime type</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-160">対応する .NET Framework の型</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-160">Corresponding .NET Framework type</span></span>|
|--------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
|`IIterable<T>`|`IEnumerable<T>`|
|`IIterator<T>`|`IEnumerator<T>`|
|`IVector<T>`|`IList<T>`|
|`IVectorView<T>`|`IReadOnlyList<T>`|
|`IMap<K, V>`|`IDictionary<TKey, TValue>`|
|`IMapView<K, V>`|`IReadOnlyDictionary<TKey, TValue>`|
|`IBindableIterable`|`IEnumerable`|
|`IBindableVector`|`IList`|
|`Windows.UI.Xaml.Data.INotifyPropertyChanged`|`System.ComponentModel.INotifyPropertyChanged`|
|`Windows.UI.Xaml.Data.PropertyChangedEventHandler`|`System.ComponentModel.PropertyChangedEventHandler`|
|`Windows.UI.Xaml.Data.PropertyChangedEventArgs`|`System.ComponentModel.PropertyChangedEventArgs`|

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-161">In the Windows Runtime, `IMap<K, V>` and `IMapView<K, V>` are iterated using `IKeyValuePair`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-161">In the Windows Runtime, `IMap<K, V>` and `IMapView<K, V>` are iterated using `IKeyValuePair`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-162">これらをマネージド コードに渡すと、`IDictionary<TKey, TValue>` および `IReadOnlyDictionary<TKey, TValue>` として表示されるため、これを列挙するには必然的に `System.Collections.Generic.KeyValuePair<TKey, TValue>` を使用します。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-162">When you pass them to managed code, they appear as `IDictionary<TKey, TValue>` and `IReadOnlyDictionary<TKey, TValue>`, so naturally you use `System.Collections.Generic.KeyValuePair<TKey, TValue>` to enumerate them.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-163">インターフェイスがマネージド コード内に表示される方法によって、これらのインターフェイスを実装する型の表示方法が決まります。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-163">The way interfaces appear in managed code affects the way types that implement these interfaces appear.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-164">たとえば、`PropertySet` クラスは `IMap<K, V>` を実装しますが、これはマネージド コードでは `IDictionary<TKey, TValue>` として表示されます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-164">For example, the `PropertySet` class implements `IMap<K, V>`, which appears in managed code as `IDictionary<TKey, TValue>`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-165">`PropertySet` では、`IMap<K, V>` ではなく `IDictionary<TKey, TValue>` が実装されたように見えるため、マネージド コードでは .NET Framework ディクショナリの `Add` メソッドのように動作する `Add` メソッドがあるように表示されます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-165">`PropertySet` appears as if it implemented `IDictionary<TKey, TValue>` instead of `IMap<K, V>`, so in managed code it appears to have an `Add` method, which behaves like the `Add` method on .NET Framework dictionaries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-166">`Insert` メソッドがないように見えます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-166">It doesn't appear to have an `Insert` method.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-167">For more information about using the .NET Framework to create a Windows Runtime component, and a walkthrough that shows how to use such a component with JavaScript, see [Creating Windows Runtime Components in C# and Visual Basic](/windows/uwp/winrt-components/creating-windows-runtime-components-in-csharp-and-visual-basic).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-167">For more information about using the .NET Framework to create a Windows Runtime component, and a walkthrough that shows how to use such a component with JavaScript, see [Creating Windows Runtime Components in C# and Visual Basic](/windows/uwp/winrt-components/creating-windows-runtime-components-in-csharp-and-visual-basic).</span></span>

### <a name="primitive-types"></a><span data-ttu-id="ddbce-168">プリミティブ型</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-168">Primitive Types</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-169">To enable the natural use of the Windows Runtime in managed code, .NET Framework primitive types appear instead of Windows Runtime primitive types in your code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-169">To enable the natural use of the Windows Runtime in managed code, .NET Framework primitive types appear instead of Windows Runtime primitive types in your code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-170">.NET Framework では、`Int32` 構造体などのプリミティブ型には、`Int32.TryParse` メソッドなどの便利なプロパティとメソッドが多くあります。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-170">In the .NET Framework, primitive types like the `Int32` structure have many useful properties and methods, such as the `Int32.TryParse` method.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-171">By contrast, primitive types and structures in the Windows Runtime have only fields.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-171">By contrast, primitive types and structures in the Windows Runtime have only fields.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-172">マネージド コードでプリミティブを使用すると、.NET Framework の型のように表示され、通常どおりに .NET Framework 型のプロパティとメソッドを使用できます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-172">When you use primitives in managed code, they appear to be .NET Framework types, and you can use the properties and methods of the .NET Framework types as you normally would.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-173">要約すると、次のようになります。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-173">The following list provides a summary:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-174">For the Windows Runtime primitives `Int32`, `Int64`, `Single`, `Double`, `Boolean`, `String` (an immutable collection of Unicode characters), `Enum`, `UInt32`, `UInt64`, and `Guid`, use the type of the same name in the `System` namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-174">For the Windows Runtime primitives `Int32`, `Int64`, `Single`, `Double`, `Boolean`, `String` (an immutable collection of Unicode characters), `Enum`, `UInt32`, `UInt64`, and `Guid`, use the type of the same name in the `System` namespace.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-175">`UInt8` では、`System.Byte` を使用します。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-175">For `UInt8`, use `System.Byte`.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-176">`Char16` では、`System.Char` を使用します。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-176">For `Char16`, use `System.Char`.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-177">`IInspectable` インターフェイスでは、`System.Object` を使用します。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-177">For the `IInspectable` interface, use `System.Object`.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-178">`HRESULT` では、`System.Int32` のメンバーを 1 つ含む構造体を使用します。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-178">For `HRESULT`, use a structure with one `System.Int32` member.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-179">As with interface types, the only time you might see evidence of this representation is when your .NET Framework project is a Windows Runtime component that is used by a Windows 8.x Store app built using JavaScript.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-179">As with interface types, the only time you might see evidence of this representation is when your .NET Framework project is a Windows Runtime component that is used by a Windows 8.x Store app built using JavaScript.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-180">Other basic, commonly used Windows Runtime types that appear in managed code as their .NET Framework equivalents include the `Windows.Foundation.DateTime` structure, which appears in managed code as the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset?displayProperty=nameWithType> structure, and the `Windows.Foundation.TimeSpan` structure, which appears as the <xref:System.TimeSpan?displayProperty=nameWithType> structure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-180">Other basic, commonly used Windows Runtime types that appear in managed code as their .NET Framework equivalents include the `Windows.Foundation.DateTime` structure, which appears in managed code as the <xref:System.DateTimeOffset?displayProperty=nameWithType> structure, and the `Windows.Foundation.TimeSpan` structure, which appears as the <xref:System.TimeSpan?displayProperty=nameWithType> structure.</span></span>

### <a name="other-differences"></a><span data-ttu-id="ddbce-181">その他の相違点</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-181">Other Differences</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-182">In a few cases, the fact that .NET Framework types appear in your code instead of Windows Runtime types requires action on your part.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-182">In a few cases, the fact that .NET Framework types appear in your code instead of Windows Runtime types requires action on your part.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-183">For example, the <xref:Windows.Foundation.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> class appears as <xref:System.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> in .NET Framework code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-183">For example, the <xref:Windows.Foundation.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> class appears as <xref:System.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> in .NET Framework code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-184"><xref:System.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> allows a relative URI, but <xref:Windows.Foundation.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> requires an absolute URI.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-184"><xref:System.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> allows a relative URI, but <xref:Windows.Foundation.Uri?displayProperty=nameWithType> requires an absolute URI.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-185">Therefore, when you pass a URI to a Windows Runtime method, you must ensure that it's absolute.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-185">Therefore, when you pass a URI to a Windows Runtime method, you must ensure that it's absolute.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-186">See [Passing a URI to the Windows Runtime](../../../docs/standard/cross-platform/passing-a-uri-to-the-windows-runtime.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-186">See [Passing a URI to the Windows Runtime](../../../docs/standard/cross-platform/passing-a-uri-to-the-windows-runtime.md).</span></span>

<a name="WindowsRuntimeComponents"></a>

## <a name="scenarios-for-developing-windows-runtime-components"></a><span data-ttu-id="ddbce-187">Windows ランタイム コンポーネントの開発シナリオ</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-187">Scenarios for Developing Windows Runtime Components</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-188">The scenarios that are supported for managed Windows Runtime Components depend on the following general principles:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-188">The scenarios that are supported for managed Windows Runtime Components depend on the following general principles:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-189">Windows Runtime Components that are built using the .NET Framework have no apparent differences from other Windows Runtimelibraries.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-189">Windows Runtime Components that are built using the .NET Framework have no apparent differences from other Windows Runtimelibraries.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-190">For example, if you re-implement a native Windows Runtime component by using managed code, the two components are outwardly indistinguishable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-190">For example, if you re-implement a native Windows Runtime component by using managed code, the two components are outwardly indistinguishable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-191">コンポーネントがマネージド コードで記述されているという事実は、そのコード自体がマネージド コードであったとしても、そのコンポーネントを使用するコードには表示されません。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-191">The fact that your component is written in managed code is invisible to the code that uses it, even if that code is itself managed code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-192">ただし内部的には、そのコンポーネントは真のマネージド コードであり、共通言語ランタイム (CLR) 上で実行されます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-192">However, internally, your component is true managed code and runs on the common language runtime (CLR).</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-193">Components can contain types that implement application logic, Windows 8.x Store UI controls, or both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-193">Components can contain types that implement application logic, Windows 8.x Store UI controls, or both.</span></span>

  > [!NOTE]
  > <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-194">アプリケーション ロジックから UI 要素を分離することをお勧めします。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-194">It's good practice to separate UI elements from application logic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-195">Also, you can't use Windows 8.x Store UI controls in a Windows 8.x Store app built for Windows using JavaScript and HTML.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-195">Also, you can't use Windows 8.x Store UI controls in a Windows 8.x Store app built for Windows using JavaScript and HTML.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-196">A component can be a project within a Visual Studio solution for a Windows 8.x Store app, or a reusable component that you can add to multiple solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-196">A component can be a project within a Visual Studio solution for a Windows 8.x Store app, or a reusable component that you can add to multiple solutions.</span></span>

  > [!NOTE]
  > <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-197">If your component will be used only with C# or Visual Basic, there's no reason to make it a Windows Runtime component.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-197">If your component will be used only with C# or Visual Basic, there's no reason to make it a Windows Runtime component.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-198">If you make it an ordinary .NET Framework class library instead, you don't have to restrict its public API surface to Windows Runtime types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-198">If you make it an ordinary .NET Framework class library instead, you don't have to restrict its public API surface to Windows Runtime types.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-199">You can release versions of reusable components by using the Windows Runtime <xref:Windows.Foundation.Metadata.VersionAttribute> attribute to identify which types (and which members within a type) were added in different versions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-199">You can release versions of reusable components by using the Windows Runtime <xref:Windows.Foundation.Metadata.VersionAttribute> attribute to identify which types (and which members within a type) were added in different versions.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-200">The types in your component can derive from Windows Runtime types.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-200">The types in your component can derive from Windows Runtime types.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-201">Controls can derive from the primitive control types in the <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Primitives> namespace or from more finished controls such as <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Button>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-201">Controls can derive from the primitive control types in the <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Primitives> namespace or from more finished controls such as <xref:Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Button>.</span></span>

  > [!IMPORTANT]
  > <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-202">Starting with [!INCLUDE[win8](../../../includes/win8-md.md)] and the .NET Framework 4.5, all public types in a managed Windows Runtime component must be sealed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-202">Starting with [!INCLUDE[win8](../../../includes/win8-md.md)] and the .NET Framework 4.5, all public types in a managed Windows Runtime component must be sealed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-203">A type in another Windows Runtime component can't derive from them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-203">A type in another Windows Runtime component can't derive from them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-204">コンポーネントでポリモーフィックな動作を提供するには、インターフェイスを作成し、そのインターフェイスをポリモーフィックな型に実装します。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-204">If you want to provide polymorphic behavior in your component, you can create an interface and implement it in the polymorphic types.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-205">All parameter and return types on the public types in your component must be Windows Runtime types (including the Windows Runtime types that your component defines).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-205">All parameter and return types on the public types in your component must be Windows Runtime types (including the Windows Runtime types that your component defines).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-206">次のセクションでは、一般的なシナリオの例を示します。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-206">The following sections provide examples of common scenarios.</span></span>

### <a name="application-logic-for-a-windows-8x-store-app-with-javascript"></a><span data-ttu-id="ddbce-207">Application Logic for a Windows 8.x Store App with JavaScript</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-207">Application Logic for a Windows 8.x Store App with JavaScript</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-208">When you develop a Windows 8.x Store app for Windows using JavaScript, you might find that some parts of the application logic perform better in managed code, or are easier to develop.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-208">When you develop a Windows 8.x Store app for Windows using JavaScript, you might find that some parts of the application logic perform better in managed code, or are easier to develop.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-209">JavaScript では .NET Framework クラス ライブラリを直接使用できませんが、クラス ライブラリを .WinMD ファイルにすることができます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-209">JavaScript can't use .NET Framework class libraries directly, but you can make the class library a .WinMD file.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-210">In this scenario, the Windows Runtime component is an integral part of the app, so it doesn't make sense to provide version attributes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-210">In this scenario, the Windows Runtime component is an integral part of the app, so it doesn't make sense to provide version attributes.</span></span>

### <a name="reusable-windows-8x-store-ui-controls"></a><span data-ttu-id="ddbce-211">Reusable Windows 8.x Store UI Controls</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-211">Reusable Windows 8.x Store UI Controls</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-212">You can package a set of related UI controls in a reusable Windows Runtime component.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-212">You can package a set of related UI controls in a reusable Windows Runtime component.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-213">コンポーネントは、単独で商品化することも、作成するアプリの要素として使用することもできます。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-213">The component can be marketed on its own or used as an element in the apps you create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-214">In this scenario, it makes sense to use the Windows Runtime <xref:Windows.Foundation.Metadata.VersionAttribute> attribute to improve compatibility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-214">In this scenario, it makes sense to use the Windows Runtime <xref:Windows.Foundation.Metadata.VersionAttribute> attribute to improve compatibility.</span></span>

### <a name="reusable-application-logic-from-existing-net-framework-apps"></a><span data-ttu-id="ddbce-215">既存の .NET Framework アプリからの再利用可能なアプリケーション ロジック</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-215">Reusable Application Logic from Existing .NET Framework Apps</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-216">You can package managed code from your existing desktop apps as a standalone Windows Runtime component.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-216">You can package managed code from your existing desktop apps as a standalone Windows Runtime component.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-217">This enables you to use the component in Windows 8.x Store apps built using C++ or JavaScript, as well as in Windows 8.x Store apps built using C# or Visual Basic.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-217">This enables you to use the component in Windows 8.x Store apps built using C++ or JavaScript, as well as in Windows 8.x Store apps built using C# or Visual Basic.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-218">コードに再利用シナリオが複数ある場合、バージョン管理はオプションです。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-218">Versioning is an option if there are multiple reuse scenarios for the code.</span></span>

## <a name="related-topics"></a><span data-ttu-id="ddbce-219">関連トピック</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-219">Related Topics</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-220">Title</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-220">Title</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-221">説明</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-221">Description</span></span>|
|-----------|-----------------|
|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-222">[Windows ストア アプリ用 .NET の概要](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140))</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-222">[.NET for Windows Store apps overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br230302(v=vs.140))</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-223">Describes the .NET Framework types and members that you can use to create Windows 8.x Store apps and Windows RuntimeComponents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-223">Describes the .NET Framework types and members that you can use to create Windows 8.x Store apps and Windows RuntimeComponents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-224">(Windows デベロッパー センター内)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-224">(In the Windows Dev Center.)</span></span>|
|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-225">[Roadmap for Windows Store apps using C# or Visual Basic](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229583(v=win.10))</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-225">[Roadmap for Windows Store apps using C# or Visual Basic](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229583(v=win.10))</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-226">Provides key resources to help you get started developing Windows 8.x Store apps by using C# or Visual Basic, including many Quickstart topics, guidelines, and best practices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-226">Provides key resources to help you get started developing Windows 8.x Store apps by using C# or Visual Basic, including many Quickstart topics, guidelines, and best practices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-227">(Windows デベロッパー センター内)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-227">(In the Windows Dev Center.)</span></span>|
|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-228">[How tos (XAML)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229566(v=win.10))</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-228">[How tos (XAML)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/apps/br229566(v=win.10))</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-229">Provides key resources to help you get started developing Windows 8.x Store apps by using C# or Visual Basic, including many Quickstart topics, guidelines, and best practices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-229">Provides key resources to help you get started developing Windows 8.x Store apps by using C# or Visual Basic, including many Quickstart topics, guidelines, and best practices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-230">(Windows デベロッパー センター内)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-230">(In the Windows Dev Center.)</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-231">C# および Visual Basic での Windows ランタイム コンポーネントの作成</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-231">Creating Windows Runtime Components in C# and Visual Basic</span></span>](/windows/uwp/winrt-components/creating-windows-runtime-components-in-csharp-and-visual-basic)|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-232">Describes how to create a Windows Runtime component using the .NET Framework, explains how to use it as part of a Windows 8.x Store app built for Windows using JavaScript, and describes how to debug the combination with Visual Studio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-232">Describes how to create a Windows Runtime component using the .NET Framework, explains how to use it as part of a Windows 8.x Store app built for Windows using JavaScript, and describes how to debug the combination with Visual Studio.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-233">(Windows デベロッパー センター内)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-233">(In the Windows Dev Center.)</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-234">Windows Runtime reference</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-234">Windows Runtime reference</span></span>](/uwp/api/)|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-235">The reference documentation for the Windows Runtime.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-235">The reference documentation for the Windows Runtime.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="ddbce-236">(Windows デベロッパー センター内)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-236">(In the Windows Dev Center.)</span></span>|
|[<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-237">Windows ランタイムへの URI の引き渡し</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-237">Passing a URI to the Windows Runtime</span></span>](../../../docs/standard/cross-platform/passing-a-uri-to-the-windows-runtime.md)|<span data-ttu-id="ddbce-238">Describes an issue that can arise when you pass a URI from managed code to the Windows Runtime, and how to avoid it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="ddbce-238">Describes an issue that can arise when you pass a URI from managed code to the Windows Runtime, and how to avoid it.</span></span>|
